For developing programs for that structure we vehicle will be using C or C++ languages.
So far that requires some iodine e and also you need a compiler so for ITV choose ideas that this code
blocks.
So let us see how good on Lord code blocks open chrome and see download code blocks.
So good block start or G does that you are.
So if you want you know that you order.
So if you want you can radically go to this you are the discord blog start towards you slash downloads
and download three options out there.
That is download binary release or so score and retrieve so schooled from subversion.
That is a C and will go to binary release.
And here we have multiple options.
That is only side of file or no setup just a zip.
Main G W set up admin GW no setup.
So you have to select Min GW setup this a download compiler as well as I D E so select this one go to
the website that the source forge for downloading it will start downloading the set of finding
it's downloaded.
So let us start.
Set of 5.
Here it starts installation of code blocks See you next.
And agree on
and clicked.
I agree.
Next then.
Here is a place where the code blocks will be installed.
If you want to change their Derek do you can shipments and will start installation so it will extract
all the files of I.T. and the compiler
so do you want to run good blocks.
No.
So I say no.
And let us finish this one.
So next.
And it is finish.
It isn't started.
No let us open the good blogs.
Here is a quote blog window.
Let us see how to start a new project.
So first of all I want to show you will see language project.
Then I will.
Then again I will show you C++ project though the steps are same.
But let us first create a project for C language so go to File menu and select new and in New select
projects.
It will pop up the various option select option cancel application so all our data structure programs
will be developing as a console application say okay.
Now here there is a prompt asking for language you can select a C or C++.
So this is the only place where you can decide the language.
So I will select C language that I see next.
And here I have mentioned the project file name so I'll give the project name as my first C then.
These are some project properties.
Then skip that.
And here is a project ready if you have a project window you can find the source code file that is main
dot see if you double click a file will appear now.
Main dot c is open.
Now how to compile and run so you can go to the menu option.
There is an option called Build and in that there are options available for compiling the program and
running the program to can run or build a program.
So here I will say simply run it will give a prompt asking for building the projects so you see yes
I want to build a project.
Here is a control window which is showing the hello world message that is given by a program.
So if you run the program you'll be getting this controlled black colored window where your output will
appear.
If there are any errors in your program like say if I remove the semicolon and a fight on the program
once again.
So far running the program.
Press Control F 10.
Here you can see the option.
Control f 10.
So first of all I will build a program so rebuild the program.
There is an error.
See here in the log window it is showing an error message.
So if there are an error messages you can see them at the bottom in the log window and you can remove
those errors.
So that's it.
Next we will see how to start the C++ project for C++.
I can google files and see a new project.
I can start a new project and the project type that we have to select as console application and the
language that you have to select a C++ and the project name.
My first
finish now here the project is created and in the source says this is a C++ file.
Double click on it.
And this is the source code file.
So here is already some code is written so you can type your own code in displays and you can write
all your programs here.
See already I stream header files included and a namespace is also included here.
So using namespace this hello world is displayed you can write all your programs here.
That is using this main function and you can write your own functions or classes that will be learning
slowly.
So let us see how to run.
So first you have to build this one so combine say build this project brilliant on the program so displays
had a word.
So that's it.
So this is all you can download and use this idea.